Update v5 docs to Pester v5.9.0 (#17)
fflaten/docs: versioned_docs/version-v5/commands/Assert-MockCalled.mdx

---
id: Assert-MockCalled
title: Assert-MockCalled

> description: Help for Pester command 'Assert-MockCalled'. {{ Fill in the Synopsis }}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Help for Pester command 'Assert-MockCalled'. Checks if a Mocked command has been called a certain number of times and throws an exception if it has not.
```

## SYNOPSIS

> \{\{ Fill in the Synopsis \}\}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Checks if a Mocked command has been called a certain number of times
and throws an exception if it has not.

THIS COMMAND IS OBSOLETE AND WILL BE REMOVED SOMEWHERE DURING v5 LIFETIME,
USE Should -Invoke INSTEAD.
```
